my name is johan le bon
I have been cycling since the age of eighteen
years later I started with the fact that
30 mountain bikes and then I got on the
road
so if that's done now I'm going to do
my fourth professional year
for sure it's something that
will remain engraved for life but hey it's
something I have that I forget that
I try to forget
good I have junior and professionals already
it's not the same thing and then I got
badly debut pros in my debut at
the pros I had a lot of difficulties in
adapt myself so I try to forget everything
that and resume from scratch was a
runner like the others it's true that
we were waiting for a little bit of me
put myself pressure and
that's why I want to
reset everything so that I want
to forget that behind me that's for sure
it's a good result
very nice result had good
moments but a certain level I think
he must put it behind and leaves
to zero
four years at this game him things
past so that's it's not
the experience of racers of the pack but
I had a few maquis
experiences
good it's like to say that my results
level results I speak we are not
face is from my results but
level experience I feel the difference
from year to year that I learned
a lot
I was lucky already two conscious
mainland continental after one is
spent two years in pro continental so
with little by little I mounted the
marches and that's what satisfies me
it was a young team already a
team a little more family than it was
a squad of 16 runners so a little
less important even than the challenge
so good that it has changed enormously
I think I know everyone
not only between the staff and the
runners that makes a number that has changed
in that way his wife comes this is where
one of the biggest teams is even
there the biggest team
back in France they go one like very
beautiful 2nd place globally so
it is true that it is fun and then
try surprisingly to spend brittany
schuller to this team there they go
also propose a challenge that also
to interest me must relaunch of duty
really what I am worth and I in
thank you for trusting me and
now it's up to me to prove it and
to prove that they were right and I hope
that it will do that I will satisfy
the world that awaits me and jc when
even a team that lives there since 97 his
life will lead years so
so it's true to see everything
time the 90th I was 7 when I
advise to bike so I always
known this team
and then good
and a lot of Britons who have
hurry in this team partly
frederic guesdon so I know him well
that I saw in training all that
at events brittany so it's
While it's good and then
I hope to do that I'm going to do the
same thing with young people and it's going
to make dream young Bretons
I am a coach
I change
manager I change all that and that that
I think that will renew everything and
it's a new challenge new staff
will do good I am currently
trained by frédéric raf and then yes
since early November that I think about
trails
we benefit it would be rather it is
true that against the road this is a
race that I absolutely love the
military forces after I really like
racing in classical or Belgian so
mans style I was lucky enough to do
paris volleyball the hand blad it's
races that will attract a lot
now after I hope I hope we
was trying dote to have really if
it's against what I like but
it is true that it is race
that make you dream the new ones I do not
do not know yet if they will do me
participate in this kind of race but
it's my wish is to go into these
races there with the team was doing j have
is to do the best I can and
then do the work that will be asked of me